>> Jason Lengstorf: Let's go ahead and
style up our docs page a little bit,
I wanna de-emphasize this,
this update time is useful.
But we don't want it to be
like right in your face or
to look as important as the rest
of the content on the screen.
So let's go into our docs page,
and let's add some styles, and
I'm gonna do that by replacing React.
We're gonna use the JSX pragma, again,
I'm gonna import JSX from theme-ui.
And then I'm going to just
add some basic styles here,
we'll do sx.
And inside of it,
we can say the border top, and now,
we're gonna get into an advanced case.
You can actually just access
the whole theme object as a prop,
or as an argument passed to a function,
so I can just do theme and
then return whatever I want from it.
So if I want to set my border for
example to be 1px soli,d and
then we'll use the theme.colors.muted,
that'll work.
And then I can set the color of
the text itself to be muted.
I can set the font size, we'll make it
a little bit smaller so I'll set at 14.
We want some margin top,
we want some padding top, and
let's see how that looks,
yeah, that looks pretty good.
It's de-emphasize, it's clear that
it's a separate part of thing.
It's not taking over the the page, and
that, I think is probably
a good place to call this set.
So let's commit our work,
and then we can move on.
>> Speaker 2: Quick question.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Yeah?
>> Speaker 2: In the line number 12,
where you set the border for
the top there.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: Do you have just use
the string muted, or
do you have to use that return?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Theme UI has certain
fields that are set up to accept
the keywords, border top is
a composite field, so it doesn't.
And that's because you'd have to
get into some string parsing that
could get really tricky.
So as just a guard against complexity,
they opted to use
the functions syntax instead.
There is on the Theme UI site I
believe a reference of which fields
accepts which keywords.
And then in any other case, like
honestly try it, and if it doesn't work,
just switch out for the function version.
So let's get this committed.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Add Theme UI and
get that pushed up.
Okay, so